the other thing is papyrus people not
generating Revenue quick enough
everyone's like oh we gotta have all
these things then we can end up going
out there and making them like why have
you tried selling it have you tried
asking people to pay for it Go and
collect some money someone's probably
willing to
how do you think about the balance like
I think a lot of Founders struggle with
like there's these topics that we can
find on platforms like exploding topics
twemx taplio socialblade let's say that
we know have viral potential that people
are searching for and that they really
care about on the other side of things
from our own customers we're hearing
what matters to them what their problems
are and that more sort of like high
purchase intent High problem intent type
keywords and topics how do you kind of
balance that uh or how do you think
about that balance between you know
these more like growth and trending
subjects and then more of the subjects
that are the real problems that your
customers having and kind of how do you
think about that as you're building your
content strategy so marking you have top
of funnel stuff that really just gets
eyeballs and you have middle of funnel
people are maybe doing research and
they're interested in products in your
space and then bottom of the funnel
people are just like ready to make that
transaction like you were talking about
your goal should be to create content
for all three of those buckets you can
do a one-third one-third one-third split
and create content that resonates with
everyone that way you're continually
building a new audience you're nurturing
that audience and then you're converting
that audience but you need all three
because the top of funnel just allows
you to get more and more people no that
makes a lot of sense yeah you need that
kind of top of funnel stuff just to kind
of widen the funnel and get the growth
going and that organic traction and then
yeah kind of push them through uh with
more intent based uh keywords and topics
and kind of strike that balance I'm
curious like there's a lot of Founders I
work with creators I work with they've
gotten their you know email list their
newsletter to you know around that like
50 000 subscriber range but they have
ambitious goals of getting to you know
500k a million like folks like James
clear the hustle and what morning Brew's
done uh you know they're typically using
platforms like beehive or convertkit and
you know they're they've gotten to a
good stage but they're looking to kind
of now bring it to the stratosphere I'm
curious like how do you think about
growing a newsletter from that 50k range
to the million like to a million people
easiest way is give away free tools when
you go where free tools we talked about
software earlier you can get people to
opt in to continually use your free
tools which will just cause your list
size to explode that's what we do that's
how we are list sizes over a million
right yeah no I saw over the weekend you
were saying that your list size is
growing at something like 286 000 people
a month I believe if I saw that right so
yeah the free tool side is definitely
one big unlock I'm curious are there so
that's that's definitely one is there
anything else that Founders can be
thinking about in terms of growing their
lists or any lower weight strategies
then obviously building out a tool can
take some time opt-ins free ebooks free
guides driving paid traffic to a log uh
but we haven't found really any of the
other strategies to be anywhere near as
effective as just giving away free tools
probably not the answer that most people
want to hear but it's the truth right
and so when you think about that like
kind of like a free tool to grow an
email list like does it need to be some
big robust tool from your standpoint or
there any sort of like more sort of like
is there how do you think about kind of
building maybe a lean tool then to grow
a subscriber list sure so the easiest
way is you go to codecanyon.net there's
Tools in almost every space you can
white label them you can buy it for
probably less than 50 bucks usually 10
20 30 dollars pop those on your site and
go from there that's where I would say
is a huge opportunity for most people
that way you can get something that has
a little bit more than the bare minimum
of features that what's more than a
minimal available product but you don't
have to spend that much time building it
at all yeah Switching gears here to kind
of the mentor side of things like over
the course of my career I'd say like 80
of My Success has been learning from
people that are way smarter than me
understanding their systems their
approaches to hiring you know what
mistakes they made and then translating
those learnings to my current businesses
to take them from where they are to
where I'm looking to go and avoid a lot
of the pitfalls and mistakes that
um that they've kind of taught me to
avoid I'm curious from where you're at
right now getting into this kind of 100
million dollar per year range to you
know a billion and being the most
dominant digital marketing Advertiser in
the world I'm curious
what are some mentors that you're
surrounding yourself with right now and
and how do you look at kind of building
out your uh right kind of like you know
personal Board of advisors to take you
from where you are to where you're
looking to go yeah so uh I don't look at
mentorship as like how can I surround
myself with amazing people that would be
great but sometimes it's hard to do
because we all live in different places
like I think right now you're in what
median
yeah yeah and it's hard to do that when
you're traveling you may not speak the
language you may not know a ton of
people I'm in Las Vegas uh still
building my network here
what I love doing is a going to
conferences because you can meet people
uh in all parts of the world just like
how we met at a conference actually two
conferences now and the other thing I
love doing is just learning from YouTube
videos it's amazing on how much you can
learn by just watching other people's
videos and getting the knowledge without
actually knowing them and that's
provided a ton of mentorship for me over
the years and uh in terms of like you
know your own like productivity your own
happiness you know uh Curious like are
there any kind of core purchases when
you look back over the last like year or
two that really like helped uh helped
you in a big way that you're like damn
that was a great purchase that's
something that like I'm very uh I'm
grateful for
can't really think of like a purchase
that's really changed my life
having a driver has helped a lot I can
focus more on this work
I hate purchasing homes that's probably
one of the bigger mistakes I've made
I would not recommend homes I'd rather
just use a cash to grow a business uh to
each their own though but I would
probably say drivers really helped
streamline like make it more efficient I
can work even when I'm in the car so
that's been cool yeah the driver's side
of things definitely on the on the goals
list I'm sure curious why do you think
kind of uh buying a home has been a
waste I hear this from a lot of people
actually that you know they it was a big
dream of theirs Founders had a big exit
goes and finally invests in his dream
home and later like a year or two after
it's like damn like I should have just
kept Airbnb travel in the world like I
don't know this thing's just become a
nuisance like explain that to me like
why uh what's your thinking there well
let's always have problems leaky rooms
Garden the issues maintenance even if
it's a new home they still have problems
I've had new homes built with leaky
roofs uh if you just take that money
like everyone's like oh my home's
building all this Equity I'm making all
this money you got a mortgage well if
you just take the mortgage and you give
it to rat you take your 20 down you
invest it in business I found that if
you're good at what you do and I
recommend People BET on themselves you
typically will come ahead more than if
you bought that home it's not like the
home is going to appreciate like crazy
in value yeah we're both Believers in
this kind of concept of done is better
than perfect I see a lot of Founders
they get caught up in sort of over
analyzing things uh getting lost in
perfectionism and ends up just kind of
make them feel stuck everything gets
delayed in versus uh you know a focus on
speed and getting things out there
they're just kind of falling behind I'm
curious you know as you're kind of
building companies how do you think
about that balance between building
something that's quality and and
Building Things For Speed how do you
kind of foster that on your team so
everyone's a little bit different I
optimize for Speed I'm all about the
quick and dirty and if something's
working then work on making a great and
amazing and perfect but I'm all about
the quick and dirty and just getting
stuff out there I I don't need a perfect
I'm okay with things not being perfect I
just want the results and if it's you
know all taped together and tied up with
some shoestring and some glue to make it
work but it's providing the results cool
then I'll go make it perfect and remove
the tape and the shoestrings and the
glue and make it amazing and people love
it but I want to make sure it's
producing the results first yeah no
that's one of my biggest pet peeves is
when I'm talking with someone and
they've got an amazing thing and they
keep on saying they're going to launch
it on Monday but then Monday Tuesday
comes along and they're just like oh you
know I just needed to make this a little
better don't feel quite comfortable yet
but I'm looking at the product I'm like
damn this thing's amazing already like
ship this thing yeah I'm curious like
any other kind of pet peeves on your
side when it comes to the marking space
and building a business that you
constantly are seeing and you're like
damn like why are we doing that uh the
other thing is pet peeve is people not
generating Revenue quick enough
everyone's like oh we gotta have all
these things then we can end up going
out there and making them like why have
you tried selling it have you tried
asking people to pay for it Go and
collect some money someone's probably
willing to and get feedback and then go
adjust from there I think people wait
way too long before they try to collect
Revenue yeah no I see that all the time
too and I see one of the biggest
misconceptions there is that too early
on Founders think that oh I need to hire
a head of sales and I need to build a
sales team when it's like no you need to
get out there and start selling this
thing yourself getting real Market
feedback talking to real customers and
then implementing their feedback on the
product and just getting the deal across
the Finish Line I'm curious as you're
kind of building out companies how do
you see that balance between the founder
selling the product and at what point
does it make sense then start building
out a team once you figure out the
process if you don't if you're not
willing to sell it how can you go hire
someone and tell them hey this is how
you do it when they you've never done it
yourself you need to go there sell it
experience the ups and the downs and the
objections and figure out what processes
and Frameworks you need to use to make
this repeatable and then go hire someone
and then GO train them and uh one thing
more of a personal side currently uh
building out founderwest.com about to
launch a new webflow blog there be the
de facto spot for Founders to find
systems to scale their businesses to
five million dollars plus how do you
kind of think about the keyword research
around a subject like that and building
out like a good solid organic traffic
infrastructure for a website
yeah so I look at the keyword
infrastructure as you need your keyword
research you can use tools like ubersus
to do that or answer the public and you
can even put in your competitor URLs and
it shows you all their popular Pages all
their popular keywords that each page
ranks for and what you want to do is
look at the keywords that have a high
CPC and volume High CPC means someone's
willing to spend a lot of money for that
keyword from an ad perspective so if a
keyword has high volume and a high CBC
it usually means it's a money keyword
it's a keyword that can drive revenue
and then you can look at your competitor
sites using ubersest see what pages and
content they're creating around those
keywords and then you can map out all
right if I want to get a lot of traffic
what are the pages that I need to create
the topics and what keywords I need to
include in each of those pages and
ubersus will show you all that for free
damn you make it uh you make it sound so
easy so yeah ubersuggest uh answer the
public I'm curious are there any other
marketing tools you started using
recently that you're like damn this is a
Hidden Gem you know I wish I had known
about this sooner mid Journey although
it may not be considered a marketing
tool do you consider marking marketing
creative tool I don't know what it's
considered I guess just like yeah your
intent in using it yeah if you're
looking to use it for marketing creative
ads and such then yeah it's a marketing
tool and then uh I'm curious like on
your on your personal side you're a guy
that's like traveling a lot you're
exploring the world I'm very similar you
know I
came to a point kind of eight years ago
where I knew I really wanted to travel
like explore the world and I had always
seen life as this trade-off I either
build a successful business in one place
or I travel and live my dreams and there
came a point where I just kind of had to
look myself in the mirror and go like
well why not both why not travel the
world live my life explore new cultures
meet new people live the life of my
dreams inform my business my work my
career around what makes me passionate
how do you kind of think about that
you're obviously traveling the world you
have two kids you've got a home base in
Vegas you got another home in Beverly
Hills like how do you kind of balance
like the the love of travel and
exploring new places and meeting new
people and and build your business
around that well I I travel I'm on the
road for call it 35 weeks out of the
year so for me I already had to travel
for work so I get experience needed
things meet new people see new cultures
uh and I think it's great like you're
heading to Japan if I'm not mistaken in
a few weeks right yep so it's like it's
cool you're in Colombia right now you're
going to be in Japan in a few weeks it's
great experiencing new things new food
new culture
I don't understand why people can't do
both it does get harder when you have
kids and they're in school you can also
homeschool kids and travel the world
there's a guy named Jermaine Griggs I
don't know if he still does it but he
did that for a while that was really
cool concept I think kids can get
amazing education doing that versus just
being stuck in a classroom and as you're
traveling like is there something that's
kind of stood out as you know I know
over the years from traveling as I've
kind of experienced new cultures
experiencing things one of my big
learnings has been like you know people
are great all over the place you know
and the more you just kind of put good
energy out there into the world you know
the more it kind of like comes back and
people genuinely they want to help you
you know it doesn't matter what culture
you're in you know you give to people
you help people out
um you know reciprocity is a universal
language I'm curious you know amongst
your travels like of any kind of core
learnings that really stand out as
insights you've gleaned that have kind
of maybe changed your philosophy on life
the big thing that has changed my
philosophy in life that I learned from
traveling is there's a lot of basic
necessity type of businesses out there
that just make a ton of money
you know being raised in California I
thought oh Tech is where everything is
Silicon Valley and I'm not trying to
knock Silicon Valley there's a lot of
innovation there
but we tend to forget there's a lot of
big businesses in the basics
people need rice
I was reading an article a few weeks ago
there's a shortage of rice you know how
much money there is just selling the
rice
or how much money there is uh removing
dirt one of my buddies has a dirt moving
company and it just moves it people do
construction what do you do with that
dirt or what what do people do with the
garbage what do people do with you know
HVAC like heating and air conditioning
all these homes in some places it's
really cool some people the place is
really hot
we forget how much money there is in
basic necessity type of businesses and
traveling has really opened my eyes to
it because you meet a lot of
entrepreneurs who are really well off
and most of them their businesses are in
basic necessities and it's not like
something cool like I created a Facebook
and sure these guys aren't as rich as
Mark Zuckerberg but they've done really
well just doing basic boring old school
businesses that we all take for granted
yeah no I see that all the time too
we're always looking for that like that
next shiny toy that cool tool that you
know all our friends are going to be
impressed with that we invented this
thing and then you yeah as you're
traveling around you're at different
masterminds different conferences you
just see these people that are just
absolutely killing it off the most
unsexy just boring basic ideas but yeah
they're Necessities that people use in
everyday lives and you know they're what
kind of really can generate some serious
market value and serve a ton of people
so
um I'm curious like on your side too I
talked to a lot of Founders all the time
you know I think I feel like like 80
percent of the battle sometimes is
you're building a business it's not the
business itself oftentimes the founder
it's just your own mindset your own sort
of like mental health mental Fitness
you know you're someone that's working
like 70 80 hours a week which for a lot
of people is like a marathon a lot of
the founders I speak with you know
sometimes they feel stuck they feel
overwhelmed depressed anxious you know
they're many people are running a
business that's running them into the
grounds uh I'm curious like as you've
been building your business how do you
kind of you know when I when I see you
whether it's like at the conferences
we've been at or online uh you know
you're always someone that I think has
like a really infectious playful energy
uh you light up the room you know you
can tell that you're just genuinely
having fun
um you view work as play
um and I feel like you bring almost like
an inner child kind of energy to the
conversations that you have the
relationships around you
um and someone that really stands out to
me is like you're just here to help
people you're just here to have some fun
and you seem to have this very light
energetic approach to building companies
I'm curious your advice to those
Founders that maybe are finding that
they're in a bit of a lull they're
taking things too seriously and how do
they kind of lighten it up a little bit
love what you're doing if you love what
you're doing you typically will have a
much more playful attitude and also take
breaks every once in a while and whether
it's go play at a park with your
children or go play a game basketball
with your friends if you do things that
you genuinely enjoy you're just gonna be
in a better mood especially when you
work and if you love what you're doing
while you work it also helps you be in a
better way do I'm curious like I know a
lot of Founders that you know they think
about either buying something when they
hit a certain Milestone or maybe like
taking some awesome adventure when they
hit some sort of Big Goal uh you know
I'm kind of currently getting a bunch of
my business on autopilot getting a bunch
of systems offloaded bringing on a
couple more operations people and then
you know piecing off to Japan to go on a
big adventure
um and uh putting myself in a really
uncomfortable time zone so that the
business just has to kind of run on
autopilot in the new ways I'm kind of
automating I'm curious like how do you
kind of think about uh you know
rewarding yourself for you know things
well done
yeah and I haven't done the Japan thing
in different time zone thing technically
I have but I have CEOs and stuff who run
the business side I don't really have
that issue but from a reward perspective
I used to try to buy things like I have
Paddock the leaps like the watches don't
really wear any of them uh
bought cars bought a my buck a long time
ago uh
sold it during covet but the new Maybach
I think last February and a new model
came out
um but I don't really buy much and the
new buyer box it wasn't like a reward at
that point I was just used to and I was
like oh new ones out I don't have one
want to drive her again everyone's going
out and about and got another car and
got a driver again but the rewarding
like the watches and stuff like that
doesn't really make me happy anymore
giving and helping other people out
that's helped out a lot that's uh put me
in a really good mood seeing you know
other people have a smile on their face
because you helped them that's been one
of the biggest rewards uh
making money as an entrepreneur for me
my wife you know focuses 100 of her time
to help others I think that's great I'm
not as you know as amazing of a person
as my wife so I focus on making money
she spends the time giving it away and
we make a great combo but that really
makes me happy to see other people come
up in life because our checks up and we
don't really make that much of an impact
compared to like Elon Musk or Bill Gates
or any of those guys who can really
donate money but we try to do whatever's
in our means is there like a moment in
your life that you feel like your
mindset sort of shifted around that
where you're like you know I feel like
this next watch or this car is going to
bring me a level of happiness and then
you maybe had bought that thing and
you're like no you know what like my
mindsets have shifted on this this
actually maybe didn't bring me any more
happiness it just brought me more
problems yes uh not really problems but
it shifted for me the moment I started
buying more watches and it would be I'd
be happy for a few days
okay what's next now like if I buy a car
it's like whatever I got a car I don't
even care I got a legit car back from my
dad we used to have a Honda Odyssey my
dad took it for a few months gave it
back to us because we needed her for our
kids and like I love driving that thing
that's awesome and amazing so when I'm
not getting driven around uh and when I
get driven around by the way like we
have a Lincoln Navigator that a driver
also drives like as a family car even if
he's driving me in the Lincoln Navigator
and it's just him and me I sit in the
front seat so we can converse and stuff
like that and like how's your kids and
wife and you'll tell me stories
um but yeah it's just I don't know and
all this materialistic stuff doesn't
make me happy even our house in Beverly
Hills my wife and I are debating just
getting rid of it had it for a year and
a half and we haven't spent any time in
it it's like might as well get rid of it
and donate the money or use it for
something else I don't want to buy
another home or other just donate the
money love it well um you know it's been
a lot of fun and I appreciate all the
insights over the weekend and here uh
today on the show appreciate all you're
doing to give back to the community and
uh you know sharing all the knowledge
you've done to build uh you know an
incredible business incredible brand and
so I want to thank you for taking the
time today and excited to uh to do
following your journey and seeing uh you
build up the most valuable digital
marketing agency in the world
I'm gonna try thanks for having me